refactor(router-store): change serializer names (#3430)
ngrx/platform: projects/ngrx.io/content/guide/router-store/configuration.md

This property decides which router serializer should be used. If there is a custom serializer provided, it will use the provided serializer. `routerState` also sets the metadata on dispatched `@ngrx/router-store` action.

### RouterState.Minimal

> `RouterState.Minimal` will use the `MinimalRouterStateSerializer` serializer to serialize the Angular Router's `RouterState` and `RouterEvent`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`RouterState.Minimal` uses the `MinimalRouterStateSerializer` serializer to serialize the Angular Router's `RouterState` and `RouterEvent`.
```

The difference between `FullRouterStateSerializer` and the `MinimalRouterStateSerializer` is that this serializer is fully serializable. To make the state and the actions serializable, the properties `paramMap`, `queryParamMap` and `component` are ignored.

<code-example header="app.module.ts">
StoreRouterConnectingModule.forRoot({
  routerState: RouterState.Minimal,
});
</code-example>

### RouterState.Full

> When this property is set to `RouterState.Full`, `@ngrx/router-store` will use the `FullRouterStateSerializer` serializer to serialize the Angular router event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this property is set to `RouterState.Full`, `@ngrx/router-store` uses the `FullRouterStateSerializer` serializer to serialize the Angular router event.
```

> The metadata on the action will contain the Angular router event, e.g. `NavigationStart` and `RoutesRecognized`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The metadata on the action contains the Angular router event, e.g. `NavigationStart` and `RoutesRecognized`.
```

<code-example header="app.module.ts">
StoreRouterConnectingModule.forRoot({
  routerState: RouterState.Full,
});
</code-example>

<div class="alert is-important">

The `FullRouterStateSerializer` cannot be used when [serializability runtime checks](guide/store/configuration/runtime-checks) are enabled.

> With serializability runtime checks enabled, the `MinimalRouterStateSerializer` serializer **must** be used. This also applies to Ivy with immutability runtime checks.

Reviewer: We don't freeze Ivy properties anymore, so this isn't correct anymore.

```suggestion
With serializability runtime checks enabled, the `MinimalRouterStateSerializer` serializer **must** be used.
```
